Writing Exercises

# Nonfiction Writing Exercises
## Exercise 1: 1/26/21
Were you ever given a responsibility you couldn't handle?

One time, I was at penn state, staying there for a science fair competition and I was given the responsibility of looking after myself, the responsibility of independence.  I was pretty confident in my ability to be independent, and this wasn't even full independence, I had a teacher who was loosely chaperoning me and my peers and I had access to a dining hall with whatever food I wanted.  What I couldn't handle, though, were the things others had been doing for me without my even noticing it.  On the first day when I got there, I decided to go for a run, to keep up my fitness while I was away from home, but I got completely lost in the campus and ended up running over two miles more than I expected.  A similar thing happened when I was trying to find my friends to play catch with, where I went to the completely wrong place.  In both of these situations, I was able to easily right my mistake by just pushing harder, by just continuing running until I found the football stadium from where I knew where my dorm was, or by having my friend share his location with me and just running there on the map, but there was one part of independence that I couldn't solve by just continuing what I was doing, I had to actually solve the problem.  This happened when I lost my key.  I left the diner I had eaten at and I went back to the dorm I was staying in and I had lost the key to my door.  This key was invaluable to me, as at the start of the time there they had said that a replacement key would cost $43, money I just didn't have.  I looked for the key for hours, and, upon giving up, I went to the dorm central building and pleaded for another key.  I dont know if it was my desperate 12 year old face or if they were just being nice, but they gave me a new key for free, but the lesson was not lost on me that there were some aspects of independence that I was just not ready for.

***
